The lecture slides were well organized and the examples done in the class helped a lot to learn this new language and also the principles of OOP. Motivated to well. Would have been better if we discussed more about the solutions of coding exercisers.   

I think i learned a lot from the codes you write in the board. When i compare my codes with yours i can learn about my mistakes and good coding practices that i should follow. There fore i think it would be great if we can discuss more examples in the class.

madam explained  the oop concepts clearly with examples.lectures were interesting.we want more scenario examples and answers with explanations in future.

I satisfy about first 7 lectures. That way of teaching is really good for coming lectures too.

lectuers are very good. take good effort to make undersatand every student in the room. very helpfull. 

I was able to obtain a clear picture about OOP and its concepts. 

lecture slides, explanations were very clear. it's very good to letting ask questions and explain again with suitable examples. sometimes, some codes on white board were unclear at the back. overall very good!!!. 

The lectures were good and clear. And they weren't too fast. Writing code was somewhat confusing because I didn't know java before. 

Actually teaching is very good and can understand easily the concepts by examples which are given in the class.it will be more helpful if provide solved questions as well!. thankyou

good. 

Lectures were well organized with presentations to back them up. The in class examples helped to understand the subject matter in a more interactive way because Ms Surangika went around the class asking questions. The lectures were quite clear. But the projections on that white background were not sometimes clearly visible to the people in the back rows. Ms. Surangika encouraged us to ask questions if there's any doubt and proceeded with the lectures in a more interactive manner. The lecture slides were uploaded to the moodle every week. And I think it would be much better if you could upload them on Sunday evening because then us the students will have time to go through the slides before coming to the lecture.

Your teaching style is very attractive.If you can do more examples in the classroom,we can learn more things. 

At the start some of us struggled to pick up in the class because we didn't study java then. I think it wasn't a fault of lecturer. Other than that there were no problems

I really appreciate the teaching style of the lecturer. Keeping interactions with students,asking questions,giving in class activities and discussing them within the class were greatly helpful for me to develop my oop skills.As well it is very easy to concentrate on the lesson through out the class because of the interesting way of teaching.

Your teaching style helped me to understand basic principles of OOP cocepts. I think you taught that very well.

Learning environment was good. It would be better if you can explain the principles by counter examples. (by using code parts) Overall the class was good and interesting.

Making us construct codes in the class was good as we could check to how much extent we had learnt the concepts properly. Concepts were taught well. If more examples could be explained for each section it would have been better.

you are teaching  verywell madam I almost understood  everything what you have been teaching in previous 7 lectures.

got the ideas of the topics discussed.

well managed lectures. Explain well. Used real world examples. Had a good contact with students during the lecture and gave opportunity to ask any questions regarding to the lesson.  

I really liked the way the subject had been taught. The examples helped a lot in understanding the concepts. Everything about the teaching suits me. I couldn't find anything that requires alteration.

Honestly last seven lectures are good. Lectures are understandable. Lecture slides are very useful to self-study also. The given opportunity to ask questions from the lecturer is appreciative. 

Good :). please do recap at class starting it's better for us. sometimes teaching speed is very high. Thanks ! :).